I need some help brainstorming a discord bot that I am interested in trying to implement. The idea I have is have a bot that is capable of managing a magic the gathering draft within the channels of a discord server. The bot would take signups for the draft, and there would potentially be different draft types it could run in future iterations, but these easiest to begin with would be rochester (https://mtg.fandom.com/wiki/Rochester_Draft). After players register for a draft, someone would initiate the draft with a card list from Cube Cobra (e.g. https://cubecobra.com/cube/list/99aab845-a2e0-4146-87dd-720ce2fa36b1), the number of cards to include per pack (with a default of 15), and the number of packs (default of 24). The bot would then begin the draft by creating a pick order from the players with the order snaking as the rounds proceed. Then it should create a "pack" of the specified number of cards, after it generates the pack those cards should be removed from the list of eligible cards for future packs. It should provide pictures of the cards in the pack it created, which can be obtained from the Scryfall API (https://scryfall.com/docs/api). The bot then should accept commands from the player whose turn it is to select a card from the pack. Once a card is selected it should be removed from the pack, and added to the player's card pool. Players should be able to view their card pool and others card pools somehow, but I'm not sure what makes sense since doing it as a message in discord would get really messy quick so maybe some type of external source would be useful. This process should proceed as described until all of the picks are made for all of the packs. Some other nice features would be to undo a pick if there was a mistake, and to completely cancel or restart a draft. It will also be important to have the ability to create a draft with "bots" for testing purposes, for the MVP the bots should just randomly pick cards we can come up with better ideas later since we just need them to be able to test the functionality without the help of other real people. Also, as a part of the set-up process of the bot on a new server it should ask for the channel it should post the packs into. It should also be able to @ people when it is their turn and @ all the drafters when a new pack is opened.

This is the general idea of what I am going for, in terms of technology I would like to use Python as I am most familiar with it and GCP for any hosting needs. I think managing the draft and how that data is stored will be the most important part, and likely the part I need the most help developing a solution for. In addition, it would be nice to keep the results of the drafts somewhere, basically the player, the cards they could choose from, what the pack # was, the pick #, and what they selected. 

Please feel free to suggest ideas for anything I might not have considered, and propose solutions for anything I may have missed. I need you to act as a collaborator on this process so we can develop a great tool together!